docs/backend/customerbackend.md, before:

# customerbackend

Read this in other languages: [English](customerbackend.md), [Russian/Русский](customerbackend.ru.md). 

`customerbackend` is a backend service that handles customer-related functions such as browsing products, placing orders, and managing account information.

The description of the **client application** is presented at [this link](../frontend/customerclient.md).

## Overall description of the system

![system_overall](../img/system_overall.png)

## Description of the application

- For requests from a client application, it checks the session token.
- Uploading information for order reports: a list of all orders, information on a specific order (actual time of registration, cooking and delivery; estimated time of cooking and delivery, total order amount, cost of order items, delivery place; status).
- Integration with payment services (according to the types of payment indicated earlier).
<!-- 
- Listens to the message queue, which writes messages about changes in users and tokens stored by the [authentication API](authbackend.md) module.
- Writes information about changes in users and tokens to the message queue (the queue listens to the [authentication API](authbackend.md) module). 
-->

## Processes

- [Sign in](../processes/customer/signin.md)
- [Sign up](../processes/customer/signup.md)
- [Placing order](../processes/customer/makeorder.md)
- [Make a payment](../processes/customer/makepayment.md)
- [Preprocess order](../processes/customer/preprocessorder.md)
- [All orders](../processes/customer/orders.md): displayig information and statistical data about previous orders (in a form of lists and dashboards)
- [Pending orders](../processes/customer/pendingorders.md): order status tracking
- [Cancel order](../processes/customer/cancelorder.md)
- Receiving notifications

Commit message:

docs: added description for courier and warehouse backend services

docs/backend/customerbackend.md, after:

# customerbackend

Read this in other languages: [English](customerbackend.md), [Russian/Русский](customerbackend.ru.md). 

`customerbackend` is a backend service that handles customer-related functions such as browsing products, placing orders, and managing account information.

The customer backend service for delivery service app allows customers to sign up or sign in to their account, place orders, track their orders, rate and review their orders, and view their order history. 
Other possible functionalities of the service include saving favorite orders for quick reordering, customizing orders with special requests or dietary restrictions, and receiving personalized recommendations based on past orders.

The description of the **client application** is presented at [this link](../frontend/customerclient.md).

## Overall description of the system

![system_overall](../img/system_overall.png)

## Description of the application

- For requests from a client application, it checks the session token.
- Uploading information for order reports: a list of all orders, information on a specific order (actual time of registration, cooking and delivery; estimated time of cooking and delivery, total order amount, cost of order items, delivery place; status).
- Integration with payment services (according to the types of payment indicated earlier).
<!-- 
- Listens to the message queue, which writes messages about changes in users and tokens stored by the [authentication API](authbackend.md) module.
- Writes information about changes in users and tokens to the message queue (the queue listens to the [authentication API](authbackend.md) module). 
-->

## Processes

- [Sign in](../processes/customer/signin.md)
- [Sign up](../processes/customer/signup.md)
- [Placing order](../processes/customer/makeorder.md)
- [Make a payment](../processes/customer/makepayment.md)
- [Preprocess order](../processes/customer/preprocessorder.md)
- [All orders](../processes/customer/orders.md): displayig information and statistical data about previous orders (in a form of lists and dashboards)
- [Pending orders](../processes/customer/pendingorders.md): order status tracking
- [Cancel order](../processes/customer/cancelorder.md)
- [Rate an order](../processes/customer/rateorder.md)
- Receiving notifications
