docs/backend/fileservice.md, before:

# fileservice

Read this in other languages: [English](fileservice.md), [Russian/Русский](fileservice.ru.md). 

Service for generating files 

## Requirements and description of the system

### Overall description of the system 

![system_overall](../img/system_overall.png)

Service description:
- Upload files to the server (images, videos, Word, Excel, PDF)
- Download files from the server (images, Word, Excel, PDF)
- Generation of a QR code for payment

Technical description of the service:
- It is possible to make only one method for the service (input parameters: session token, file type, values for generating a file; output parameters: session token, uid of the generated file, file type, file body as an array of bytes)
- uid of the generated file is needed so that the generated file can be cached and easily found in the database
- Saves generated file
- From the point of view of this service, there is no difference whether files are uploaded to the server or from it
- It is necessary to provide in the system the ability to save files on a separate dedicated server and periodically clean the file system from the created files: since the system processes a large number of requests, a lot of files are also created, respectively, there is a risk of running out of hard disk space.

Possible restrictions:
- Number of frames per second: 24/30 fps

![video-resolution](https://zidivo.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/video-resolution.png)

Commit message:

docs: overall description of backend services and client apps

docs/backend/fileservice.md, after:

# fileservice

Read this in other languages: [English](fileservice.md), [Russian/Русский](fileservice.ru.md). 

`fileservice` is a backend service that manages file storage and retrieval.

## Requirements and description of the system

### Overall description of the system 

![system_overall](../img/system_overall.png)

Service description:
- Upload files to the server (images, videos, Word, Excel, PDF)
- Download files from the server (images, Word, Excel, PDF)
- Generation of a QR code for payment

Technical description of the service:
- It is possible to make only one method for the service (input parameters: session token, file type, values for generating a file; output parameters: session token, uid of the generated file, file type, file body as an array of bytes)
- uid of the generated file is needed so that the generated file can be cached and easily found in the database
- Saves generated file
- From the point of view of this service, there is no difference whether files are uploaded to the server or from it
- It is necessary to provide in the system the ability to save files on a separate dedicated server and periodically clean the file system from the created files: since the system processes a large number of requests, a lot of files are also created, respectively, there is a risk of running out of hard disk space.

Possible restrictions:
- Number of frames per second: 24/30 fps

![video-resolution](https://zidivo.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/video-resolution.png)
