docs/processes/customer/makeorder.md, before:

# customer.makeorder

Read this in other languages: [English](makeorder.md), [Russian/Русский](makeorder.ru.md). 

Customer client application: make order.

The description of the **client application** is presented at [this link](../../frontend/customerclient.md).

## Description of the process

- Displaying the menu:
    - Unloaded from the backend: categories (name, picture, description), individual items (name, picture, price, description).
- When placing an order: 
    - User enters: list of selected items from menu, size, quantity, place of delivery.
    - Calculated on the backend: total order amount, estimated cooking and delivery time.
- Use of predictive models: estimated cooking and delivery times.

### Step-by-step execution

- The user opens the order form.
- Select a category.
- Select a product, specify quantity and size.
- The user clicks "Continue".
- Filling out the form for delivery: delivery address, type of payment, delivery method (on foot, electric scooter, car).
    - Some information is preloaded from the database: the approximate duration of the trip to the store, cooking, delivery price.
    - After filling in the address for delivery, you can click "Calculate delivery time": a route is built on the background from the warehouse to the specified address and then the approximate delivery time is displayed.
    - When you change the delivery method, the price for delivery changes.
    - You can specify a warehouse as a delivery address.
- User clicks "Finish":
    - The information entered by the user is sent to the database and to [customerbackend](../../backend/customerbackend.md), which also notifies [kitchenbackend](../../backend/kitchenbackend.md ).
    - Add payment geteway after filling out the form if a card is selected as a type of payment.
    - All selected products are stored on the frontend side until the user clicks "Finish checkout".
- The user is on the "Pending orders" page.

![customer.makeorder](../../img/activitydiagrams/customer.makeorder.png)

## Objects 

- [Product](https://github.com/alexeysp11/workflow-lib/blob/main/docs/Models/Business/Products/Product.md)
- [ProductCategory](https://github.com/alexeysp11/workflow-lib/blob/main/docs/Models/Business/Products/ProductCategory.md)
- [DeliveryOrder](https://github.com/alexeysp11/workflow-lib/blob/main/docs/Models/Business/BusinessDocuments/DeliveryOrder.md)
- [PlaceOrderModel](../../classes/models/Orders/PlaceOrderModel.md)

Commit message:

docs: place order, make a payment

docs/processes/customer/makeorder.md, after:

# customer.makeorder

Read this in other languages: [English](makeorder.md), [Russian/Русский](makeorder.ru.md). 

Customer client application: make order.

The description of the **client application** is presented at [this link](../../frontend/customerclient.md).

### Step-by-step execution

- The user browses through the list of available products and selects the ones they want to order.
- They proceed to checkout and select preferred delivery option, enter their delivery address and contact details, select their preferred payment method (cash on delivery, POS when receiving, using QR code, using CVC), then confirm the order.
- The client-side app validates date and stores some cache.
- Then the information entered by the user is sent to the database and to [customerbackend](../../backend/customerbackend.md), which also notifies [kitchenbackend](../../backend/kitchenbackend.md ).
- The user is on the "Pending orders" page where they can track the status of their order in real-time.

![customer.makeorder](../../img/activitydiagrams/customer.makeorder.png)

## Objects 

- [Product](https://github.com/alexeysp11/workflow-lib/blob/main/docs/Models/Business/Products/Product.md)
- [ProductCategory](https://github.com/alexeysp11/workflow-lib/blob/main/docs/Models/Business/Products/ProductCategory.md)
- [DeliveryOrder](https://github.com/alexeysp11/workflow-lib/blob/main/docs/Models/Business/BusinessDocuments/DeliveryOrder.md)
- [PlaceOrderModel](../../classes/models/Orders/PlaceOrderModel.md)
