docs/processes/customer/orders.md, before:

# customer.orders

Read this in other languages: [English](orders.md), [Russian/Русский](orders.ru.md). 

Customer client application: orders

The description of the **client application** is presented at [this link](../../frontend/customerclient.md).

## Process description

- Displaying information on previous orders in the form of a list of objects [DeliveryOrder](https://github.com/alexeysp11/workflow-lib/blob/main/docs/Models/Business/BusinessDocuments/DeliveryOrder.md).
- Order status tracking (production, delivery)
     - can also be seen in the [Current orders](pendingorders.md) section.
- Downloading files from the server (report for a specific order):
     - file extensions: images, PDF.
     - sending a message by email/Telegram.
     - Try to make a preview in HTML form, and then convert to PDF using [workflow-lib](https://github.com/alexeysp11/workflow-lib).
<!--
- Use of predictive models: estimated cooking and delivery times.
- Statistics on previous orders in the form of dashboards:
    - by time:
        - day,
        - a week,
        - month,
        - year,
        - all the time;
    - according to the type of charts:
        - line chart,
        - barchart,
        - histogram,
        - Scatter plot, etc.;
    - metrics:
        - the total amount of the order,
        - position value,
        - the number of orders,
        - the number of positions,
        - time of placing orders,
        - place of delivery.
-->

### Step-by-step execution

- The user opens the "All Orders" page.
- The user can open a specific order, get a preview and upload it as a file.
- From the list of all orders, you can go to the "Dashboards", set filters for uploading statistics, get a preview and upload it as a file.

![customer.allorders](../../img/activitydiagrams/customer.allorders.png)

## Objects 

- [Product](https://github.com/alexeysp11/workflow-lib/blob/main/docs/Models/Business/Products/Product.md)
- [ProductCategory](https://github.com/alexeysp11/workflow-lib/blob/main/docs/Models/Business/Products/ProductCategory.md)
- [DeliveryOrder](https://github.com/alexeysp11/workflow-lib/blob/main/docs/Models/Business/BusinessDocuments/DeliveryOrder.md)

## Purchase order template 

![purchase-order-template](https://templates.invoicehome.com/purchase-order-template-us-mono-black-750px.png)

Commit message:

docs: edited info about placing order

docs/processes/customer/orders.md, after:

# customer.orders

Read this in other languages: [English](orders.md), [Russian/Русский](orders.ru.md). 

Customer client application: orders

The description of the **client application** is presented at [this link](../../frontend/customerclient.md).

## Process description

- Displaying information on previous orders in the form of a list of objects [DeliveryOrder](https://github.com/alexeysp11/workflow-lib/blob/main/docs/Models/Business/BusinessDocuments/DeliveryOrder.md). So the customer can view the details of each order, such as the items ordered, the delivery address, and the status of the order (e.g. production, delivery). 
- The order details can also be seen in the [Current orders](pendingorders.md) section.
- Downloading files from the server (report for a specific order):
     - file extensions: images, PDF.
     - sending a message by email/Telegram.
- The user can open a specific order, get a preview and upload it as a file.
     - Try to make a preview in HTML form, and then convert to PDF using [workflow-lib](https://github.com/alexeysp11/workflow-lib).
<!--
- Use of predictive models: estimated cooking and delivery times.
- From the list of all orders, you can go to the "Dashboards", set filters for uploading statistics, get a preview and upload it as a file.
- Statistics on previous orders in the form of dashboards:
    - by time:
        - day,
        - a week,
        - month,
        - year,
        - all the time;
    - according to the type of charts:
        - line chart,
        - barchart,
        - histogram,
        - Scatter plot, etc.;
    - metrics:
        - the total amount of the order,
        - position value,
        - the number of orders,
        - the number of positions,
        - time of placing orders,
        - place of delivery.
-->

### Step-by-step execution

- The user opens the "All Orders" page.
- App checks if the information about the orders is available in the cache database.
- If the information is present and up-to-date, the app displays the orders to the customer.
- If the information is absent or obsolete, the app redirects the request to the [customer backend service](../../backend/customerbackend.md) to retrieve the orders.

![customer.allorders](../../img/activitydiagrams/customer.allorders.png)

## Objects 

- [Product](https://github.com/alexeysp11/workflow-lib/blob/main/docs/Models/Business/Products/Product.md)
- [ProductCategory](https://github.com/alexeysp11/workflow-lib/blob/main/docs/Models/Business/Products/ProductCategory.md)
- [DeliveryOrder](https://github.com/alexeysp11/workflow-lib/blob/main/docs/Models/Business/BusinessDocuments/DeliveryOrder.md)

## Purchase order template 

![purchase-order-template](https://templates.invoicehome.com/purchase-order-template-us-mono-black-750px.png)
